Welcome back my the student in this lecture here we are going to be adding a feature that we will be
able to clone our posts.
All right so we're going to select the pose and we're going to come here and we're going to find the
key word that's going to say clone.
We're going to select the key word when we hit apply.
He's going to clone whatever post we won.
And the reason why we want to create something like that is just when you are trying things out in you
know you make a post or two posts and you don't want to keep creating the post manually and you want
to allow you a lot of content.
Well you've got to have this clone feature when you have selected let's say Tripos and you keep cloning
you keep applying applying apply or you keep cloning the same ideas over and over again and you're going
to have a lot of content very soon.
So this feature is going to be very lovely.
Anyway I want to take the time to say thank you for those of you that take the time to leave such nice
reviews out there such nice comments into discussions of war.
I am blessed to have students like you and for that.
Keep making lectures I keep getting motivated to wake up in the morning and see them and know that there
are people out there that actually care about instructors just like them start to care about their students
just like I care about you guys.
Thank you so much.
But anyway let's go ahead and do that.
Lex is going to be pretty fast.
So pay very close attention and rewind the video as much as you want.
All right.
That's a great thing about watching this video.
So now let's go ahead and let's get down to business.
So I got the view all posts page open right here.
View on the score on the score posts.
So I'm going to go to a line here.
Let me see if I can.
The first thing that we need to do is we need to add the option right here.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's add that option.
So right here in the select on top I'm going to copy this and paste it right there.
And I'm going to change the value to clone and the delete key word to clone.
There we go.
All right so when I come back here whoops what am I doing.
Now we have clone right here so now we get to that with that the next the next thing that we need to
do is that we have a switch statement somewhere here.
I need to find that we need to find it because you you're with me you see right here.
The last one we guys did the lead in this state in this case the lead and right below the break I can
add another case right.
This case is going to be called clone like this and then colon and semi-colon colon.
Right.
It's a matter of fact just going to copy things down so that way and then we explain as I go OK.
I think it would be a lot easier for me to do that.
That way you don't have to wait 30 minutes for me to write it down.
All right.
So I'm going to I just based on that call that we need.
All right so we make a new case.
All right we start with a key case.
And then of course we are checking against klong and that's the select.
All right.
Right here.
So when we find that then we're going to be doing something right.
So what are we doing.
We are going inside the table searching for POWs were post ID equals the value coming from that option.
All right.
So we are selecting the pool side related to that.
All right just like we do end up here representing that we're doing up here.
And then once we check that against his post value which is right here or I remember that we are looping
through this array all right which is this one here.
All right every time I click there that value gets transmitted to that array and that's where we are
checking that.
All right just to make sure that that's the post that we want right.
So now we're checking against that.
We make the connection then we pool these values from that specific post.
All right.
And then all we do here is insert those values.
We make an insert and then we get the values up there into that table right here just like we've done
before with the Outpost.
Very similar to this.
All right if you go to an add on Scorpio's very similar.
As a matter of fact this is the same or I just modify this a little bit.
All right so once we make the insert We check here to see if a is good and if it's good then we keep
going.
If it's not we're going to make it die right here and then we break it because we need to break out
of that switch statement.
All right.
Simple as that.
So now let me just save and come back here and refresh.
Now we got the clone right here.
Now let's let let's do some cloning.
I'm going to put this smaller here.
Let's do some cloning and then select the purple and the blue array and that's going to be right below
here.
So I get a click apply and you can see the blue and purple right here.
All right that's news.
Seventy 75 and seventy six letters to two more apply.
I think we have.
And you see if I do it again 75 76.
There we go.
All right.
So you see those three more right here and I can do that a lot more.
I'm going to show you another feature that don't go anywhere.
I'm going to show you how to do something else.
All right so we got more contemn beautiful right.
So now you can see that everything is appearing down here.
Right.
I would like everything to appear up here.
The new polls to be up here so let's going fix that real quick right.
So we are in Pual posts.
Let's go down to where our loop is that we are actually displaying order or information on that page.
So we are selecting everything from polls.
Let's do a little skew Well here to make sure that we post just the newest I.D. on top.
So we're going to select everything from polls.
By Order array of actually let's make this by capital here by order
false ID.
Maybe enough again forgetting something I'm not.
Let me see.
All right.
Select all from post by order post ID descending.
This doesn't look right.
Supposed to be this supposed to change in my browser here.
Some Reason I think it might be right.
I'm just so used to my browser changing things I don't know my browser my editor.
Sorry about that.
You see I had a I have a problem there.
Boolean giving 1:51.
I knew something was and look right.
I order order polls by polls order
select from polls
order by.
There we go.
Sorry about that guys.
I don't know how I missed that.
I need some coffee.
All right so you can see everything on top.
Now you can see the IDs are starting the news IDs from the top.
All right.
So they were cloned again apply.
We can see all the new ones here.
Beautiful right.
You've got a lot of content here and you know I mean you can select everything you want is crazy right.
And look at this apply.
And now look at all the content you got right so you can play around with it.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture for being my students are really happy and I'll see
you in the course or I see you there.
Thank you again and see you in the next lectures.